Add Formal (#18)
chipsalliance/chisel-nix: readme.md

The DPI lib can automatically match the arguments and does not interact with VCS. In this case, the first three parameters will be passed to the DPI lib to control waveform generation, and the last parameter will be passed to the VCS to dump the results of all sva statements.

* Note that in order to use VCS for simulation, you need to set the environment variables `VC_STATIC_HOME` and `SNPSLMD_LICENSE_FILE` and add the`--impure` flag.

> To run the formal verification. Then you can run:
> 
> ```bash
> nix run '.#gcd.formal' --impure
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the formal verification with jaspergold. Then you can run:

```bash
nix run '.#gcd.jasper' --impure
```
```
